have you ever wished you could reshoot
your shot with that special someone what
if there was a magical photo booth that
let you do that i know that sounds very
specific but work with me here that's
what happens in 2018's when we first met
well i may give you my opinion on the
film here that's no substitute for
experiencing it yourself links to the
movie are in the description down below
if this doesn't look familiar then
you've never watched another rom-com in
your life this is literally the start of
every feel-good rom-com since the early
2000s i wonder who's the main character
of this story could it be noah standing
front and center again this is already
using every rom-com trope i bet he
learns the true meaning of love by the
end too as we flash back to three years
before this waiting reception we get to
see noah's beginning in this story a
party dude just looking to have a good
time bumps into noah which in turn makes
him bump into avery if this isn't the
dream encounter with your true love then
i don't know what is is to make your
mouth into a tiny little butthole
this is the best joke they could think
of this is gonna be a long hour and a
half after noah and avery continued to
connect throughout the night avery
spills the beans on her favorite drink
which obviously is what he'll hold on to
for three years to propel their
storyline
that's the one guy that is enjoying this
movie so far poor guy looks so oblivious
but he's having a great time after noah
and avery realized that they really have
no interest in being at the party noah
asks her if she likes jazz and she in
turn answers yes so now we find
ourselves at a jazz club literally the
last place i ever expected this movie to
take us to
piano man it's gonna be great you're
really gonna interrupt one of the most
interesting parts of the film so far
they could have had the whole movie be
adam devine playing piano to pick up
women and it would have been
entertaining after the two of them go in
the photo booth they have a great
experience with what is noah's first
photo booth session later on avery takes
noah to her place and they engage in
an exhilarating night of foosball i know
i was thrown off too but it's a nice
change of the usual story throughout the
night noah and avery find out more about
each other and the two eventually almost
kiss then we jump to present day at the
wedding ceremony where avery is telling
the story of the best night of her life
still
even if the movie is following every
stage of a rom-com how-to guideline you
kinda have to feel bad for the guy here
and seeing how his next step is to drink
the bride and groom out of house and
home i think we're right to feel like
that
i love you
i can't tell if i should be annoyed by
him or feel sorry for him either way i'm
feeling both after ethan leaves avery
with noah avery tries to bring him back
out to her friend carrie so she can take
him home noah tries to play it off like
he's fine even carrie calls his crap and
noah agrees to call an uber
oh
that had my uber on it this is that
nightmare friend that everyone fears
showing up at their big event
reluctantly carey gives noah the right
home he needed and in return noah spills
the beans about being in love with avery
carrie asks why noah would put himself
through the misery of going to their
engagement party and noah admits that he
was trying to prove something to himself
hold on though you mean all that solemn
celebrating with her wedding dress on
and a wedding photographer was only for
an engagement party is there a party for
everything noah tries to replay the
facts of what happened that fateful
night but carrie remembers things a
different way i feel like the movie is
trying to tell me something at this
point but i'm holding out hope so let's
see how this plays out noah convinces
carrie to help him into the bar and here
we meet noah's friend max she's not
pulling any punches here no hesitation
at all i bet they go out by the end noah
continues his story from the point we
left off on earlier the moment it looks
like they're gonna kiss avery moves ever
so slightly to the side and they hug
instead when he talks about the next day
we see how avery and ethan first met
this movie would be a thousand times
more entertaining if drunk noah told it
through his eyes after a much needed
heart to heart carrie realizes that
she's had enough of the stories and
leaves noah with max shortly after max
helps drunk noah towards the exit of the
club he sits him down in a photo booth
which brings memories back to noah in a
desperate attempt to feel better noah
unknowingly makes a monumental wish if
only i could have a chance
to do everything different i could be
the kind of guy she would want
here we go sure enough noah falls asleep
during the photos and when he wakes up
he's back in the past exactly three
years and two days ago the same day he
met avery as he drives around he starts
to notice that things aren't adding up
to what he thought would be the next day
when he gets to the gas station he
notices the date on the newspaper at the
front he asks the clerk what year it is
but he doesn't fully believe him he
doesn't believe the clerk until he asks
for a blueberry red bull and the clerk
tells him that red bull only makes one
flavor funny story the blueberry red
bull point here wasn't even in the
original script adam helped come up with
it in the rewrites
holy [ __ ]
[Music]
now it's all sinking in noah runs to
what was max's vice president office in
his building but now he's only in a
cubicle on the main floor noah tries to
explain to him that he's gone back in
time somehow but max is only focused on
his own story as noah looks out of the
office window he notices carrie taking
pictures on the street as he tries to
explain things to carrie who also thinks
he's talking crazy he starts to piece
even more things together he realizes he
still has time to make the move on avery
that he didn't before and then all that
means is that i just traveled back in
time i seriously thought he pieced that
together back in the gas station noah
runs back to his house and prepares to
meet avery all over again once he's at
the party he pulls out the information
he remembers from the first time mine
is grapefruit juice with some vodka and
exactly three maraschino cherries that's
my favorite drink too that's insane what
he seriously held on to that information
for three years and it just so happens
to work here who has that luck as the
night continues noah tries to get
everything right in this second chance
he's been given what he didn't plan on
is carrie coming back to avery's house
early carrie confronts noah about
knowing everything and avery pieces it
all together i mean you can't blame her
for reaching that conclusion obviously
that doesn't go well and it ends with
carrie bashing noah over the head with a
potted plant as noah gets knocked out on
the floor he simultaneously wakes up
back in his bed he messages avery
thinking that even all of that was just
a dream turns out that he affected his
timeline so now when he shows up for the
engagement party avery sees him as the
stalker from three years ago best part
of the movie so far but what did you
expect from avery after three years of
not knowing noah is anything more than a
stalker and he just shows up out of the
blue i'd pepper spray him too noah runs
back to his house to try and piece
everything together and when he comes
across the photo booth pictures he
rushes to the photo booth again next
thing he knows he's transported back
three years again he immediately calls
max to help him with his next scheme to
get avery and that night they go to the
party to find her not before max tries
to give noah advice
what's up girl
what's up girl well i think we're ready
to find our soul mate that's about the
only person that'll still be talking to
you after pulling a move like that max
gives noah one last piece of advice
ending in being a jerk to her if all
else fails of course noah takes that to
heart you are a giant human being-sized
[ __ ] thank you so much for the beer
have a great night
couldn't have said it better myself
[Music]
even this guy is tired of partying alone
he made a hype man and responded i want
to party with this dude somehow this
whole chain of events ends up with the
two of them running to the bedroom in a
frantic hurry then noah wakes up with
frosted tips and avery beside him in bed
three years later noah thinks that he's
accomplished his goal but when he tries
to show affection avery gets turned off
noah soon realizes that he went full
jerk mode which carried over the
three-year gap resulting in being
friends with benefits but never anything
more
oh my god i went full [ __ ] yeah you
did noah but he tries to redeem himself
and put himself in avery's life
that's about as well as we all expected
that plan to work at least in this
timeline noah might have the help of
carrie once he explains to carrie that
he really does love avery carrie seems
to take an interest in hearing him out
but the more that she tries to explain
things to him the more noah just runs
with what he wants to hear so he goes
back into the photo booth yet again and
wakes up three years earlier his
motivation to be the stable family man
for avery takes over and he applies for
a job with max later on at the party
noah tries to show he can be supportive
and caring by taking care of everyone at
the party after talking to avery they
end up at the jazz bar again where he
explains to her that he's decided to
give up his old life to support a more
stable office life and with that noah is
successful there can't be any backlash
to this root can there
hey do me a favor can you look at this
on my back for me sure what am i looking
for oh that mole yeah i'd get that
checked no no look for the knife that
you stabbed me in the back with when you
stole my promotion one of the things
this movie did well was not just showing
how each action affected his
relationship with avery but with
everyone else's life too honestly i'd
forgotten about max as max explains how
noah stole his promotion and his time to
shine he finally lets noah know how he
feels about him now
second favorite part of the movie there
were words exchanged obviously but this
pretty much sums it all up perfectly
noah quickly realizes that while he
enjoys the spoils of being successful
he's not able to live the life he had
hoped for with avery in a familiar scene
at his engagement party ethan is found
in the bathroom drunk with avery who's
trying to help him noah agrees to take
him home but on the way ethan opens up
to him the way noah opened up to carrie
in the beginning
i'm just gonna i'm gonna tell you
i
might have told avery that i'm in love
with her
again an appropriate response noah plays
it off well but having the shoe on the
other foot isn't always a comforting
position even a satisfying moment can
turn bittersweet when the wrong words
are heard after listening to ethan in
the car no one decides that it's time to
address the fact that avery may never
really want him when he asks carrie why
it'll never happen carrie explains that
it's not really love
in an attempt to fix things noah gives
it all up and goes back in time again
weird counter for the movie is that noah
actually meets avery at the party six
times it feels like more but that's the
real number this time at the party he
brings ethan with him and tries to set
up avery and ethan a day early in
instead while those two are meeting up
noah ends up at the snack table with
carrie
there you go one for you one for me oh
so cute thank you scores the whole
bottle
oh it's a match made in heaven in what
seems like a night of way less forced
interactions kerry and noah connect on a
level we never get to see between noah
and avery the moment we realize that
noah is really okay with everything
comes when they go to the jazz club noah
doesn't focus on them for long because
carrie sits next to him and starts
playing piano with him this is the match
could have saved so much time when noah
wakes up this time he's in a completely
new environment max walks in and noah
begins to ask questions he finds out
that avery and ethan are back on to be
engaged when he asks about carrie he
finds out that she got back with her ex
and noah ended up alone in an attempt to
follow fate he rushes over to carrie and
spills his heart out
oh snap this film is actually not
following the classic rom-com skit i was
wrong about this movie at least this end
part so far as he questions carrie
carrie seems to crack and question
things herself the more noah talks about
it the more sure he seems about his
decision as well so what does he do
sweet innocent chad he's not wrong
technically noah finds out that the
magic photo booth was actually removed
in this timeline naturally noah drowns
in his sorrows and avery and ethan show
up of course now avery mentions that she
bought noah the photo booth long before
when noah arrives at his house he finds
the photo booth just waiting for him to
go back as we play through the events of
the original timeline noah finally
understands why everything happened the
way it did originally as he flashes
forward to avery and ethan's engagement
party he runs into carry the two of them
start to hit it off as though nothing
had changed from the previous timeline
and with that it's a happy ending after
all it has to end happily it's a rom-com
even the bittersweet ones end on a
positive note it gets credit for running
with the best friend card the bit of
foreshadowing they do is simple but cool
too while noah uses a photo booth to
travel back in time the woman he
ultimately ends up with is in fact a
photographer the crew was screaming at
us the whole time that doesn't get used
enough but all in all this is another
run-of-the-mill rom-com but you know
what everybody needs a good one every
now and then this is one of the better
recent ones so why not give it a shot i
hope you enjoyed the video if you did
like it leave a like on the video and
suggest what i should watch next
subscribe if you want to see more videos
like this one and i'll see you in the
next video